Update 00-onboarding-guide.md (#705)
Azure/autorest.az: doc/00-onboarding-guide.md

2. Add more test if the generated test is not enough. Detail can be found at [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cli/blob/dev/doc/authoring_tests.md)
3. Run linter and style check for the code generated and make sure all of them can pass. (Refer to [here](how-to-generate.md#through-our-pre-prepared-docker) for how to run linter and style check)

## Step 5. Add test recordings and code owners

> 1. After you have make sure `azdev test --live --discover <extension-name>` run successfully,  you can see there's test recordings in your az-output-folder. You need to submit those test recordings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After you have made sure `azdev test --live --discover <extension-name>` run successfully, you can see there're test recordings (*.yaml files) in your az-output-folder. You need to submit those test recordings as they need to be used in CI tests. 
```
